Oh, hey! My leg braces!
Hey, my leg... Oof!
I can't... oof... Walk without... ow...
My leg braces!
Oh, Mister...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good boy!
S02E04
Shevenpucker
Tommy, your breakfast is read... Ooh!
Hi, Mom. Something terrible happened.
Oh, my gosh!
- Hi, Dad.
- Huh?
- So, last night...
- Morning, everybod...
Ooh!
Everybody stop falling down and listen!
Somebody stole my leg braces.
Sheriff, it's Goodman.
The leg braces, they're gone.
- Here you go, Tommy.
- Oh.
I wish there was a real
superhero around here
to stop crimes.
There was once a superhero...
Super Hero Guy.
He lived in that mansion by the cliffs.
Really?
Welp, Sheriff says there's
a metal thief on the loose.
Oh, no!
And that's who
probably stole your leg braces.
Mr. Pickles, let's find Super Hero Guy
and see if he can get
my leg braces back.
Well, this is the place.
Oh, I guess Super Hero Guy
doesn't live here anymore.
Super Hero Guy!
Jeeping Jaspers!
No. I'm just Sidekick Boy.
Super Hero Guy is no longer a superhero.
You see, many years ago,
Super Hero Guy and I were
at the top of our game.
- Help!
- Jeeping Jaspers!
Super Hero Guy!
But then Crime Man
set fire to a nursery!
Crime Man strikes again!
Help!
Super Hero Guy!
Saved all the babies. Here!
One of the babies pulled his mask off.
Phil?
He always said a superhero
must never reveal his true identity.
- Help!
- I'm here. What is it?!
Phil!
Can you carry this milk to the kitchen?
Can you watch my cat this weekend?
Noooooo!
Uh...
Is this story going anywhere?
Yes.
So... that's when he became depressed
and started using drugs and alcohol.
But that wasn't enough.
Only one thing did it for him...
Shoving Super Sour
Candy Balls up his butt.
Oh!
I feel super again!
The Germans called it Shovenpucker.
The candy was banned,
but he was still able to
buy from back-alley dealers.
When his money ran out,
he started stealing
metal and recycling it
so he can get more money
for his Shovenpucker habit.
He keeps trying to
break in to our old cave
and strip our gadgets for metal,
so I installed this security system.
Only my hand allows access. Come on!
Whoa!
Look at all this cool stu... oof!
We were always at the forefront
of crime fighting technology!
The portable phone!
Calculator clock!
Tights for men!
But I've been developing something
Super Hero Guy doesn't
even know about yet.
Steel robo-suits!
They give you super strength.
Wow! What's that?!
That's just an electrical outlet.
Cool!
Oh.
But how do we get Super Hero
Guy to be a superhero again?
Poggly joggerfiffles!
He won't go to rehab.
He's just too addicted.
I know an idea.
Gimme, gimme, gimme!
Huh?
M-m-m-metal!
Me-me-metal!
Get back here.
Metal! Get back here, metal.
What? What?
- Mr. Super Hero Guy?
- Huh?
Even though you stole my leg braces...
you're still my hero for
trying to save yourself.
Oh.
I promise to get better
so I can be a superhero again.
- Yay!
Then you can use the
giant steel robo-suits
Side Kick Boy has for
you when you're okay.
Steel, you say?
Oh!
Bingo bongdodonkers!
Now he can use my hand
to get into the cave!
Huh?
Chippaly zombers!
I can get so
much Shovenpucker with this!
Tibily tandlebibs.
What do we do?!
It's finally time for
you to be the superhero
and defend the town from Super Hero Guy!
Bingo crillipers!
You're right!
Ow!
Crime Man strikes again!
Oh!
Ew!
Here you go, kid!
Aah!
Wasoly wabble goshes.
I'll never be a superhero now.
But we can still use your other hand
to go get the other robo-suit,
so you can walk!
Jibbily jingle fingers, you're right!
Here!
Uh, you could have opened it yourself.
Jordan jinglebingo flurs!
I am such a sidekick.
Ooh!
Time to go again.
Oh! Better put a diaper on!
Hey!
Where'd my diapers go?!
Oh!
Wait!
I can use this robo-suit
to get even more metal!
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
Huh?
Oh!
Even more metal!
Shovenpucker!
Oh! That robo thing is trying
to steal that metal thingie!
It's called a train bridge.
Nuh-uh, it's a thingie!
Yo, somebody help!
Sounds like a job for me!
Aaaaah!
I'm not okay.
- Hey!
- Whoa!
You're putting people in danger!
Now it's time for me
to be the superhero!
Punch, kick, punch!
Slap!
Soon I'll have all the sour balls.
Then I can make a sour
ball as big as the world!
And then shove that up my butt!
Shovenpucker!
Oh, no!
A thing is coming!
And our last stop, everybody, is...
we're gonna die!
If I can bend these tracks up,
maybe I can slow the train
before it goes over the cliff!
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme,
gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme,
gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme!
What?
Hey, come on! What are you doing, man?!
I'm just trying to shove
sour balls up my butt!
Aah! Stop compacting me, dog!
Aah! Oh, I'm out!
I'm gonna go get some sour balls!
Oh, no! My suit is falling apart!
He's never gonna make it in time!
Fribboling ginglesnoof!
I can't watch!
Aah! Damn!
Couldn't you have just
closed your eyes?!
Oh, mother-f...
There, I did it!
Oh, no! It's coming back this way!
Uh, ha, whoa, whoa!
Oh, no!
I'll never stop the trains in time.
Oh.
I did it! I stopped the train!
Oh, Tommy, what are you doing here?
Look, Mr. Pickles found my leg braces.
- Oh!
- Good boy!
But who stole the train bridge?
That was the old Super Hero Guy.
He stole it so he could
cash it for super sour balls
that he could stick up his butt!
Oh, okay, that make sense.
But who was that hero in the
robo-suit who saved the day?
Oh, I know who it was.
It was Tom...
A superhero must never
reveal his true identity.
Oh, yep. Total sidekick.
No! What have you done to me?!
Hey, where's my butt at?
I'm trying to shove some
sour balls up in there!
Ow!
Oh, there they go!
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org